Que-1) what is React JS?
=> React js is a JavaScript library primarily used for building user interfaces, particularly for
   single-page applications.

=> React is fast and works well with other tools and libraries.

=> Features of React :

   1. Component-Based Architecture
   2. JSX (JavaScript Syntax Extension) :
     - JSX, which stands for JavaScript XML, is a syntax extension for JavaScript.

   3. Virtual DOM
   4. One-way Data Binding
   5. Performance:
     - DOM executes in memory so we can create separate components which makes the DOM run faster.

   6. Components
   7. Single-Page Applications (SPAs)


Que-2) What is NPM in React Js? 
=> NPM, the Node package manager is used for managing and sharing the packages for React.
   NPM will be installed along with Nodejs. Node.js can be downloaded and installed from the official NodeJs
   website.


Que-3) What is Role of Node Js in React Js?
=> Node. js manages server-side data communication. 


Que-4) What is CLI command In React Js?
=> CLI commands are currently only used to create a passable version of a react application using 
   the command line.


Que-5) What is Components in React Js? 
=> React Components are the building block of React Application. They are the reusable code blocks
   containing logics and UI elements. They have the same purpose as JavaScript functions and return
   HTML. Components make the task of building UI much easier. 

  - In React, we mainly have two types of components:

    1. Functional Components
    2. Class based Components  


Que-6) What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
=> 

Que-7) How to install React Js on Windows, linux Operating System? How to install NPM and 
       How to check version of NPM? 
=>
   * Steps of Install React JS on windows : 
     Step 1: Install Node.js and npm

     Step 2: Install Create React App :
            - To install Create React App globally, open a command prompt and run the following command:
              "npm install -g create-react-app"

     Step 3: Create a New React Project :
            - you can use it to create a new React project. To do this, open a command prompt,
              go to the directory where you want the project to live, and run the following command:
              "npx create-react-app my-app"

     Step 4: Go To the Project Directory and Start the Development Server :
            - Once the project is created, head over to the project directory by running the following
              command in the command prompt: "cd my-app"
            - Now, start the development server by running the following command: "npm start" 


   * Steps of Install React JS on linux Operating System :
      Step 1: Install npm
             - Login to your server as a sudo user and run the following command:
               "sudo apt install npm"  

      Step 2: Install create-react-app Utility
             - To install the tool, run the following npm command: "sudo npm -g install create-react-app" 

      Step 3: Create and Launch Your First React Application
             - Creating a React application is simple and straightforward. We will create a React app
               called my-app as follows: "create-react-app my-app"   
             - To run the application, navigate into the app directory: "cd my-app"
             - Then run the command: "npm start"   

      *Npm Install: using command 'npm install' (in a package directory, no arguments) install the
                    dependencies to the local node_modules folder.
      
      *Npm check version : using command 'npm --version'.

Que-8) How to check version of React Js? 
=>   
      Use the command line to check the latest version of React : 'npm view react version'

Que-9) How to change in components of React Js?            
                              